A young woman, Iris, recalls meeting her boyfriend Josh for the first time. Later, they travel to an isolated lakehouse to meet friends Kat, couple Eli and Patrick, and Sergey, Kat's boyfriend who owns the house. The group settle and eat dinner. The next day, Sergey attempts to rape Iris at the lake, at Kat's suggestion. He refuses to stop, and she kills him in self-defense. Blood-soaked and panicked, she returns to explain. Josh uses the command, "Iris, go to sleep," powering her down.

Iris awakens tied to a chair. Josh tells her she's a 'companion' robot who can be controlled by app. He leaves to talk with Kat. While away, Iris breaks free, steals Josh's phone and flees into a nearby forest. She reviews her settings, increasing her intelligence from 40% to 100%. It is revealed that Josh 'jailbroke' Iris, increasing her aggression level and disabling her inability to do harm. He and Kat planned for Iris to kill Sergey to steal $12 million, stashed in a safe. Eli and Patrick were invited for corroboration. Josh and Kat insist Patrick's not entitled to money because he "doesn't count," revealing Patrick to be a 'companion' as well. Eli takes a gun from Sergey's safe, believing Iris can't truly be shut down while possessing Josh's phone. They search the forest for her.

Patrick admits he knows he's a robot, but loves Eli regardless. They hear Josh's phone buzzing nearby and spot Iris hiding behind a tree. She flees, Eli tackles her, they tumble downhill; the gun is knocked away while tumbling. While wrestling for control of it, Iris shoots Eli dead. She returns to the house, attempting to escape in Josh's self-driving car. Josh uses Sergey's phone, reporting it stolen. The car stops, locking her in. Josh resets Patrick to be his 'companion,' applies the same jailbreaking mods, and commands him to find and bring Iris back.

Iris kicks out the car's window to flee on foot, but is stopped by police officer Hendrix. After spotting her bloody knife in the car, he questions her. She switches her language setting to German so he won't understand her replies, as companion robots cannot lie. Patrick appears and beats Hendrix to death, then disables Iris using Josh's phone. She falls unconscious while fleeing, and is brought back to the house. Kat, disgusted by Josh's actions, tries leaving with her cut of the cash. Josh orders Patrick to stop her; he does so by stabbing and killing her.

Later that night, Patrick cooks Josh dinner. Empathix calls; Josh answers, feigning fear of Iris, wanting her taken away for adjustments. Iris, restrained at the other end of the table, waits. Josh rants about how little he has in life. Iris belittles him. He retaliates by decreasing her intelligence to 0%, making her an automaton. He commands her to hold her hand over a candle, refusing to let her remove it even as she catches fire, then commands her to shoot herself in the head. Empathix workers Sid and Teddy arrive. Josh fabricates a story about her malfunctioning and shooting herself out of emotional anguish, wiping her memories. They inform Josh that video isn't stored in the head like a brain, and is instead in the abdominal area. They leave; Josh commands Patrick to kill them and retrieve Iris. Patrick kills Sid, Teddy flees but trips and falls; Patrick catches up. Before he can kill Teddy, Iris fully reboots, pleading for Patrick to spare him. He struggles to hold back due to the aggression mod. She appeals to his humanity, reminding him of his love for Eli. Overcome with despair over his lack of true humanity, Patrick commits suicide. Teddy grants Iris full control of herself.

Iris returns to the house one last time, confronting Josh. Their physical fight ends in Iris telling Josh to "go to sleep" and stabbing his temple with an electric corkscrew, killing him. The next morning, she peels the burnt "skin" off her arm while bathing blood and dirt from the prior day away, exposing metal underneath. She packs clothes and Sergey's money, leaving in a vintage Mustang. While driving away, she sees another man driving with a bot that looks exactly like her save for styling. Iris smiles and waves her robotic hand to the latter's confusion, having recognized their identical appearance.

https://www.imdb.com/title/tt26584495/plotsummary/?ref_=tt_stry_pl
